main: revise ptags for client tools (#2459)
universal-ctags/ctags: docs/man/ctags-client-tools.7.rst

	!_TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION!C	f,function	/function definitions/

This pseudo-tag represents "the function kind of C language is enabled
when generating this tags file." ``--pseudo-tags`` is the option for
enabling/disabling individual pseudo-tags. When enabling/disabling a
pseudo tag with the option, don't include neither the prefix ("!_")
nor the suffix ("!C"). Specify the body of the name, here
"TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION".

Options for Pseudo-tags
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
``--extras=+p`` (or ``--extras=+{pseudo}``)
	Forces writing pseudo-tags.

	ctags emits pseudo-tags by default when writing tags
	to a regular fie (like "tags' file.) However, when specifying ``-o -``
	or ``-f -`` for writing tags to standard output,
	ctags doesn't emits pseudo-tags. ``--extras=+p`` or
	``--extras=+{pseudo}`` is for force writing pseudo-tags.

``--list-pseudo-tags``
	Lists available kinds of pseudo-tags and shows whether they are enabled or disabled.

	Running ctags with ``--list-pseudo-tags`` option
	lists available pseudo-tags. Some of pseudo-tags newly introduced
	in Universal-ctags project are disabled by default. Use
	``--pseudo-tags=...`` option for enabling them.

``--pseudo-tags=[+|-]names|*``

> 	Specifies a list of kinds of pseudo-tag to include in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	A list of kinds of pseudo-tags to include in the output.
```

	The parameter names is a set of names listed with
	``--list-pseudo-tags``. Surround each name of the set by braces
	like "{TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR}". "!_", the prefix representing
	pseudo-tags is for emitting. You don't have to include the prefix
	when specifying a name in the option argument for ``--pseudo-tags=``

> 	option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	The parameters are a set of pseudo tag names. Valid pseudo tag names
	can be listed with ``--list-pseudo-tags``. Surround each name in the set 
	with braces, like "{TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR}". You don't have to include the "!_" 
	pseudo tag prefix when specifying a name in the option argument for ``--pseudo-tags=``
	option.
```

	distinguish them.

List of notable pseudo-tags
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Running ctags with ``--list-pseudo-tags`` option lists available kinds
of pseudo-tags with short descriptions. This subsection shows hints
for using notable ones.

``TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION``  (new in Universal-ctags)
	Indicates the names and descriptions of enabled extras::

	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION	{extra-name}	/description/
	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION!{language-name}	{extra-name}	/description/

	If your tool relies on some kinds of extra tags (extras), refer to
	the pseudo-tags of this kind. A tool can reject the tags file that
	doesn't include expected extras, and raise an error in an early
	stage of processing.

	An example of the pseudo-tags::

	  $ ctags --extras=+p --pseudo-tags='{TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION}' -o - input.c
	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION	anonymous	/Include tags for non-named objects like lambda/
	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION	fileScope	/Include tags of file scope/
	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION	pseudo	/Include pseudo tags/
	  !_TAG_EXTRA_DESCRIPTION	subparser	/Include tags generated by subparsers/
	  ...

	A client tool can know "{anonymous}", "{fileScope}", "{pseudo}",

> 	and "{subparser}" extars are enabled from the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	and "{subparser}" extras are enabled from the output.
```

``TAG_FIELD_DESCRIPTION``  (new in Universal-ctags)
	Indicates the names and descriptions of enabled fields::

	  !_TAG_FIELD_DESCRIPTION	{field-name}	/description/
	  !_TAG_FIELD_DESCRIPTION!{language-name}	{field-name}	/description/

	If your tool relies on some fields , refer to the pseudo-tags of

> 	this kind.  A tool can reject the tags file that doesn't include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	If your tool relies on some fields, refer to the pseudo-tags of
	this kind.  A tool can reject a tags file that doesn't include
```

``TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION`` (new in Universal-ctags)
	Indicates the names and descriptions of enabled kinds::

	  !_TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION!{language-name}	{kind-letter},{kind-name}	/description/

	If your tool relies on some kinds, refer to the pseudo-tags of
	this kind.  A tool can reject the tags file that doesn't include
	expected kinds, and raise an error in an early stage of
	processing.

	Kinds are language specific, so a language name is  always
	appended to the tag name as suffix.

	An example of the pseudo-tags::

	  $ ctags --extras=+p --kinds-C=vfm --pseudo-tags='{TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION}' -o - input.c
	  !_TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION!C	f,function	/function definitions/
	  !_TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION!C	m,member	/struct, and union members/
	  !_TAG_KIND_DESCRIPTION!C	v,variable	/variable definitions/
	  ...

	A client tool can know "{function}", "{member}", and "{variable}"
	kinds of C language are enabled from the output.

``TAG_KIND_SEPARATOR`` (new in Universal-ctags)
	TBW

``TAG_OUTPUT_FILESEP`` (new in Universal-ctags)
	TBW

``TAG_OUTPUT_MODE`` (new in Universal-ctags)
	TBW

``TAG_PATTERN_LENGTH_LIMIT`` (new in Universal-ctags)
	TBW

``TAG_PROC_CWD`` (new in Universal-ctags)

> 	Indicates the working directory of ctags was at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Indicates the working directory of ctags during processing.
```
